hey what's up hey yeah yeah jazz a
really quick video today we going to
open the blind Bach Angry Birds and an
egg Angry Birds yeah sorry okay let's go
what is this okay what yeah I'm so low
and the trooper something white one yeah
the one it's Han Solo okay so we have
two guys let me see that's how to sell
all yellow bird yeah and another one is
this one white soldier something let's
open the egg that's the egg we're going
to open yeah I'll show you yeah yeah you
already probably heard that there will
be a new part of Angry Birds game Angry
Birds go it's gonna be released in
December we can't wait to play yes I
mean you wait for Angry Birds go yes
good bulge in back pay it forward
Jenga teleports yeah yes yeah I mean
girl oh yeah okay let's see what we got
there
yeah it's kind of hard to open two sec
Oh
pink ice P some candy more peak oh yeah
that pisses the peak we got there it's
nice we like peaks sounds weird but we
do yeah and can begin yes so that was
just a short video you know please
subscribe and remember we love all the
stuff about Angry Birds you Sonny yes
yeah take care and bye bye